Sweeping for singularities and parameter continuation in PHCv2.4.13

For clarity, this directory was isolated from Continuation in v2.3.75.
The path trackers in this directory rely on natural parameter homotopies.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
file name                        : short description
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
standard_parameter_solutions     : selecting and joining variables
dobldobl_parameter_solutions     : parameter solutions with double doubles
quaddobl_parameter_solutions     : parameter solutions with quad doubles
standard_parameter_systems       : definition of parameter homotopy + i/o
dobldobl_parameter_systems       : parameter homotopy with double doubles
quaddobl_parameter_systems       : parameter homotopy with quad doubles
complex_convex_continuation      : interpolate start and target with complex
parameter_homotopy_continuation  : drivers to path tracking
ts_parcon                        : stand-alone calling program
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
standard_quad_parameters         : manages sweep numerical parameters
dobldobl_quad_parameters         : numerical parameters as double doubles
quaddobl_quad_parameters         : numerical parameters as quad doubles
standard_quad_turn_points        : location of quadratic turning points
dobldobl_quad_turn_points        : location in double double precision
quaddobl_quad_turn_points        : location in quad double precision
standard_quad_turn_points_io     : some input and output routines
dobldobl_quad_turn_points_io     : i/o for the double double version
quaddobl_quad_turn_points_io     : i/o for the quad double version
standard_quad_sweepers           : sweeper for singularities along a path
dobldobl_quad_sweepers           : double double sweeper for singularities
quaddobl_quad_sweepers           : quad double sweeper for singularities
ts_realcont                      : development of real path tracking
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
